Adding storage gloss terms (#335)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/p.adoc

// OCS: General; kept as is
[[persistent-volume]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] persistent volume (noun)

> *Description*: 1) Generically, a _persistent volume_ (PV) is a piece of storage in the cluster that an administrator provisions or uses storage classes to dynamically provision. 2) A storage volume for data in an Red Hat OpenShift cluster that remains available and usable after the pod that created it has been destroyed. A persistent volume provides persistent storage to Red Hat OpenShift applications, as distinct from the ephemeral storage provided by default. This term is sometimes abbreviated as _PV_, so it is important to clearly distinguish this term from _physical volume_ in contexts where logical volume management is discussed, such as when discussing storage for both Red Hat Enterprise Linux and OpenShift Container Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: Generically, a _persistent volume_ (PV) is a piece of storage in the cluster that an administrator provisions or uses storage classes to dynamically provision. A storage volume for data in an Red Hat OpenShift cluster that remains available and usable after the pod that created it has been destroyed. A persistent volume provides persistent storage to Red Hat OpenShift applications, as distinct from the ephemeral storage provided by default. This term is sometimes abbreviated as _PV_, so it is important to clearly distinguish this term from _physical volume_ in contexts where logical volume management is discussed, such as when discussing storage for both Red Hat Enterprise Linux and OpenShift Container Platform.
```

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[persistent-volume-claim-hci]]

> ==== image:images/yes.png[yes] persistent volume claim (noun)

Author: I removed one of the entries. Didn't know why/if you wanted the other one removed.

> ==== image:images/yes.png[yes] persistent volume claim (noun)

Reviewer 2: If you scroll up in this file, we already have entries for "persistent volume" and "persistent volume claim". So we shouldn't add duplicate entries.

If you need to provide a second definition for one of them, you can do so by modifying the existing entries to use 1) and 2).

> ==== image:images/yes.png[yes] persistent volume claim (noun)

Author: Done.

*See also*:

[[physical-disk]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] physical disk (noun)

> *Description*: A physical hardware component that stores data.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Description*: A _physical disk_ is a hardware component that stores data, such as a hard disk or solid-state drive.
```

*See also*: xref:logical-topology[logical topology], xref:signal-topology[signal topology]

[[physical-volume]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] physical volume (noun)

> *Description*: A storage unit, a partition, or a whole disk, that has been configured for use by Logical Volume Manager. Before this configuration, the physical volume is just a block device. This term is sometimes abbreviated as "PV", so it is important to clearly distinguish this term from "persistent volume" in contexts where Red Hat OpenShift is discussed, for example, when discussing storage for both Red Hat Enterprise Linux and OpenShift Container Platform.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Description*: A _physical volume_ is a storage unit, a partition, or a whole disk that has been configured for use by Logical Volume Manager. Before this configuration, the physical volume is just a block device. This term is sometimes abbreviated as _PV_, so be sure that you clearly distinguish this term from _persistent volume_ in contexts where Red Hat OpenShift is discussed, such as when discussing storage for both Red Hat Enterprise Linux and OpenShift Container Platform.
```

*See also*:

[[platform]]
==== image:images/caution.png[with caution] platform (noun)

> *Description*: A set of technological building blocks, such as hardware and an operating system, that is used to develop and run applications, software, services, workflows, and so forth.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Description*: A _platform_ is a set of technological building blocks, such as hardware and an operating system, that is used to develop and run applications, software, services, workflows, and so forth.
```

*See also*:

[[primary-cluster]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] primary cluster (noun)
*Description*: In Red Hat Gluster Storage, the storage cluster in active or production use.

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*:

*See also*:

[[primary-node]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] primary node (noun)

> *Description*: Generically, the primary node is the machine that contains or runs the main components of a product.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Description*: Generically, a _primary node_ is a machine that contains or runs the main components of a product.
```
Use indefinite articles when discussing generic usage.

> Use "control plane node" for the OpenShift Container Platform node that manages other nodes in its Kubernetes cluster and schedules pods to run on nodes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use _control plane node_ for the OpenShift Container Platform node that manages other nodes in its Kubernetes cluster and schedules pods to run on nodes.
```

> Use _control plane node_ for the OpenShift Container Platform node that manages other nodes in its Kubernetes cluster and schedules pods to run on nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use "control plane node" for the OpenShift Container Platform node that manages other nodes in its Kubernetes cluster and schedules pods to run on nodes.
```

> Use "controller node" for the Ansible node from which jobs are executed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use _controller node_ for the Ansible node from which jobs are executed.
```

> Use _controller node_ for the Ansible node from which jobs are executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use "controller node" for the Ansible node from which jobs are executed.
```

> Use "source node" for the node in the active cluster when discussing geo-replication in Red Hat Gluster Storage.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use _source node_ for the node in the active cluster when discussing geo-replication in Red Hat Gluster Storage.
```

> Use _source node_ for the node in the active cluster when discussing geo-replication in Red Hat Gluster Storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use "source node" for the node in the active cluster when discussing geo-replication in Red Hat Gluster Storage.
```

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[primary-cluster]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] primary cluster (noun)
*Description*: In Red Hat Gluster Storage, the storage cluster in active or production use.

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*:

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[primary-node]]

> ==== image:images/yes.png[yes] primary node (noun)

Author: I went with "with caution" and added the other entries.
